You are indeed different from the rich people I have met.
You've seen what rich people are like before.
Let me play. I didn't hit all night.
And it is just right to work on your own. I'll come back to you two nights later.
A group of three hundred thousand.
Really unhappy. If you are angry, please stop talking.
I'm lucky. The rich people I met before,
In this way, they have two pockets of money,
Just bully people casually. bully me.
Your grandma stops. Who bullied you. Grandma will take revenge on you.
right. I will avenge you too. fine.
It's all over.
My business is good
Grandma is rich
Much richer than the average person
Grandma, listen to what you said
bank every day
That won't even come out at all
one by one
Benefits of frequent deposits
I also protect my money and go out for a piece of miscellaneous money
Grandma, you are so kind